capital = 6

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.90
set_war_support = 0.05
set_convoys = 80

set_country_flag = Scramble_for_Africa

recruit_character = BEL_albert_i
recruit_character = BEL_edward_anseele
recruit_character = BEL_frans_schollaert
recruit_character = BEL_august_borms

recruit_character = BEL_laurent_vandersmissen
recruit_character = BEL_charles_de_broqueville
recruit_character = BEL_paul_hymans
recruit_character = BEL_felix_fuchs
recruit_character = BEL_antonin_de_selliers_de_moranville
recruit_character = BEL_felix_wielemans
recruit_character = BEL_louis_ruquoy
recruit_character = BEL_emile_dossin
recruit_character = BEL_cyriaque_gillain
recruit_character = BEL_gerard_leman
recruit_character = BEL_leon_de_witte
recruit_character = BEL_jules_jacques_de_dixmude
recruit_character = BEL_charles_tombeur
recruit_character = BEL_albert_lantonnois_van_rode
recruit_character = BEL_clement_de_saint_marcq
recruit_character = BEL_jules_davignon
recruit_character = BEL_jules_renkin
recruit_character = BEL_michel_levie
recruit_character = BEL_herman_baltia
recruit_character = BEL_baron_wahis
recruit_character = BEL_marcel_de_crombrugghe
recruit_character = BEL_adolf_proost
recruit_character = BEL_joseph_hellebaut
recruit_character = BEL_baron_mathieu
recruit_character = BEL_count_carton_de_wiart
recruit_character = BEL_edouard_empain
recruit_character = BEL_aloys_van_de_vyvere
recruit_character = BEL_leon_delacroix
recruit_character = BEL_fulgence_mason
recruit_character = BEL_emile_vandervelden
recruit_character = BEL_joseph_jacquemotte
recruit_character = BEL_henry_h_maglinse
recruit_character = BEL_gerard_cooreman
recruit_character = BEL_adrian_carton_de_wiart

recruit_character = BEL_adalbert

1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "BEL_1910"

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		bicycle_infantry = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		
		#doctrine
		dispersed_offensive = 1
		
		#navy
		transport = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}
	
	if = {
		limit = {		
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"			
		}
		set_technology = {
			early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {		
			NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }	
		}
		set_technology = {
			legacy_early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1908.5.24"
		election_frequency = 24 
		elections_allowed = yes 
	}
	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 0
		communism = 9
		democratic = 55
		neutrality = 36
	}

	add_ideas = {
		volunteer_only
		BEL_idea_albert_i
		neutrality_idea
		BEL_idea_pacifism
		BEL_neglected_military
		BEL_congo_attrocities
		BEL_nationalist_divides_1
	}
}
1914.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1917.11.16" #16 November 1919
		election_frequency = 24 
		elections_allowed = yes 
	}

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	add_stability = -0.2		
	set_country_flag = BEL_catholics_won_election_flag	
	add_popularity = { ideology = communism popularity = 0.02 }
	
	promote_character = BEL_charles_de_broqueville

	complete_national_focus = BEL_catholic_landslide
	complete_national_focus = BEL_schollaert_ministry
	complete_national_focus = BEL_industrial_investment
	unlock_national_focus = BEL_belgian_empire
	complete_national_focus = BEL_develop_congo
	complete_national_focus = BEL_native_rights
	complete_national_focus = BEL_education_law
	complete_national_focus = BEL_broqueville_ministry
	complete_national_focus = BEL_bolster_military
	complete_national_focus = BEL_doctrine_effort
	complete_national_focus = BEL_hold_elections
	complete_national_focus = BEL_accept_results
	complete_national_focus = BEL_another_catholic_government
	complete_national_focus = BEL_support_catholic_schools
	complete_national_focus = BEL_nationalism_situation
	complete_national_focus = BEL_favour_wallonia
	complete_national_focus = BEL_walloon_industry
	complete_national_focus = BEL_capital
	complete_national_focus = BEL_neutrality_no_matter_what
	complete_national_focus = BEL_nothing_wrong_with_being_ready
	complete_national_focus = BEL_bolster_fleet
	complete_national_focus = BEL_colonial_primacy
	complete_national_focus = BEL_military_preparedness
	complete_national_focus = BEL_prepare_for_the_worst
	complete_national_focus = BEL_united_and_ready
	complete_national_focus = BEL_colonial_conscription
	complete_national_focus = BEL_colonial_navy
	complete_national_focus = BEL_colonial_investment
}
