capital = 598
oob = "QIN_1910"

set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.33
set_war_support = 0.21
set_convoys = 13

give_military_access = RUS #Chinese Eastern Railway 
give_military_access = JAP #South Manchuria Railway

recruit_character = CHI_jiang_kanghu
recruit_character = CHI_li_dazhao
recruit_character = CHI_li_yuanhong
recruit_character = CHI_huang_xing

recruit_character = CHI_yuan_shikai

recruit_character = CHI_yuan_keding
recruit_character = CHI_yan_xishan
recruit_character = CHI_cai_e
recruit_character = CHI_ch_eng_te_ch_uan
recruit_character = CHI_xiong_xiling
recruit_character = CHI_tu_hsi_kuei
recruit_character = CHI_ch_en_ch_i_mei
recruit_character = CHI_tang_shaoyi
recruit_character = CHI_chang_ching_hui
recruit_character = CHI_ha_hanzhang
recruit_character = CHI_liang_ruhao
recruit_character = CHI_chin_yun_peng
recruit_character = CHI_zhou_xuexi
recruit_character = CHI_ch_en_lu
recruit_character = CHI_zhu_qiqian
recruit_character = CHI_wang_shih_chen
recruit_character = CHI_tuan_chih_kuei
recruit_character = CHI_kuo_sung_ling
recruit_character = CHI_lu_zhengxiang
recruit_character = CHI_duan_qirui
recruit_character = CHI_sun_yatsen
recruit_character = CHI_zhang_guotao
recruit_character = CHI_wang_jingwei
recruit_character = CHI_hu_hanmin
recruit_character = CHI_hans_von_seeckt
recruit_character = CHI_song_jiaoren
recruit_character = CHI_yang_hucheng
recruit_character = CHI_chen_jiongming
recruit_character = CHI_tang_jiyao
recruit_character = CHI_liang_qichao
recruit_character = CHI_beiyang_triumvirate
recruit_character = CHI_liao_zhongkai
recruit_character = CHI_cai_yuanpei
recruit_character = CHI_li_jishen
recruit_character = CHI_lin_sen
recruit_character = CHI_xuantong

1910.1.1 = {
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		bicycle_infantry = 1
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		#doctrine
		bayonet_assault = 1
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1907.2.15"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = no
	}

	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 0
		communism = 0
		democratic = 0
		neutrality = 100
	}

	add_ideas = {
		free_trade
		partial_economic_mobilisation
	}
}

1914.1.1 = {
	load_oob = "QIN_1910"
	load_oob = "PRC_1911_Wuchang"
	load_oob = PRC_1911_uprising2
	load_oob = PRC_1911_uprising3
	
	QIN = {
		every_unit_leader = {
			set_nationality = CHI
		}
	}

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		set_technology = {
			early_ship_hull_light = 1
			early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			basic_battery = 1
			basic_light_battery = 1
			basic_medium_battery = 1
			basic_heavy_battery = 1
			basic_torpedo = 1
			basic_secondary_battery = 1
			basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
			basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
			mtg_transport = 1
		}
		set_naval_oob = "QIN_1910_naval_mtg"
		else = {
			set_technology = {
				early_destroyer = 1
				early_light_cruiser = 1
				early_heavy_cruiser = 1
				transport = 1
			}
			set_naval_oob = "QIN_1910_naval_legacy"
		}
	}

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	swap_ideas = {
		remove_idea = CHI_idea_support_for_revolution
		add_idea = CHI_idea_republican_plot
	}
	set_party_name = {
		ideology = democratic
		long_name = CHI_kuomintang_party_long
		name = CHI_kuomintang_party
	}
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		long_name = CHI_neutrality_party
		name = CHI_neutrality_party
		elections_allowed = no
	}

	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 25
		communism = 0
		democratic = 28
		neutrality = 47
	}
	
	CHI_yuan_shikai = {
		promote_character = oligarchism
		promote_character = stratocracy
	}

	set_global_flag = guangzhou_uprising
	set_global_flag = kis_xinhairenews
	set_global_flag = kis_xinhaire
	set_global_flag = CHI_chosen
	set_country_flag = second_uprising
	set_country_flag = third_uprising
	set_global_flag = xinhai_revolution
	set_global_flag = xinhai_revolution_ends
	set_country_flag = xinhai_victory
	set_country_flag = tibet_released

	complete_national_focus = CHI_nation_recovery
	complete_national_focus = CHI_restore_military_production
	complete_national_focus = CHI_pave_way_for_industrialization
	complete_national_focus = CHI_nanjing_arsenal
	complete_national_focus = CHI_appease_the_colonialists
	complete_national_focus = CHI_japanese_manufacturer

	complete_national_focus = CHI_advisory_council
	complete_national_focus = CHI_prince_qing_cabinet
	complete_national_focus = CHI_stand_with_tongmenghui

	complete_national_focus = CHI_restore_the_nation
	complete_national_focus = CHI_economic_stabilization
	complete_national_focus = CHI_militia_reorganization
	complete_national_focus = CHI_land_reform

	unlock_national_focus = CHI_ruling_of_yuan_shikai
	complete_national_focus = CHI_replace_governors
	complete_national_focus = CHI_parliament_liquidation
	complete_national_focus = CHI_deal_with_qing_court
	complete_national_focus = CHI_propaganda_of_imperialism

	complete_national_focus = CHI_recovery_of_naval_infrastructure

	complete_national_focus = CHI_army_westernization

	retire_character = CHI_song_jiaoren
	CHI_sun_yatsen = {
		add_country_leader_role = {
			promote_leader = yes
			country_leader = {
				ideology = socialism
				traits = {
					father_of_the_republic
				}
			}
		}
	}


	add_ideas = {
		QIN_idea_payments_of_indemnities_2
		civilian_economy
		export_focus
	}

	remove_ideas = {
		CHI_idea_support_for_revolution
		CHI_idea_restore_the_nation
		QIN_idea_profit_transfer
		CHI_idea_republican_plot
	}

	add_war_support = -0.2

	set_convoys = 126

	add_named_threat = {
		threat = 5
		name = ww1_xinhai.2.t
	}
}
