capital = 126

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.60
set_war_support = 0.25
set_convoys = 638

give_guarantee = FRA
starting_train_buffer = 4

set_country_flag = Scramble_for_Africa

# Protectorates - countries with own ruler under british protection and diplomatic dependence. Colonies - countries with british administration.
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SAF
		autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet
		freedom_level = 0.43
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = RAJ
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
		freedom_level = 0.35
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = CAN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.4
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = AST
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.2
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = NZL
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.15
	}
    #Egypt wasn't a protectorate until 1914
    set_autonomy = {
		target = EGY
		autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet
		freedom_level = 0.3
	}
	else = {
		puppet = SAF
		puppet = RAJ
		puppet = CAN
		puppet = AST
		puppet = NZL
		puppet = EGY
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		OR = {
			has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
			has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
		}
	}
    #British Malaya were British protectorates with their own local rulers, as well as the Straits Settlements, which were under the sovereignty and direct rule of the British Crown
    #but mostly protectorates
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MAL
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
        freedom_level = 1.5
	}
    MAL = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = AFG
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	AFG = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BHU
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 7
	}
	BHU = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = NEP
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	NEP = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = OMA
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	OMA = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KUW
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	KUW  = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = DAR
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_informal_protectorate
		freedom_level = 0.9
	}
	DAR  = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	else = {
		puppet = MAL
        MAL = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = AFG
        AFG = { add_ideas = protectorate }
        puppet = BHU
        BHU = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = NEP
        NEP = { add_ideas = protectorate }
        puppet = OMA
        OMA = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = KUW
        KUW = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = DAR
        DAR = { add_ideas = protectorate }
	}
}
diplomatic_relation = {
	country = PER
	relation = military_access
	active = yes
}

give_guarantee = BEL # Treaty of London 1839

recruit_character = ENG_henry_hyndman
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_henry_asquith
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_kitchener
recruit_character = ENG_edward_vii

recruit_character = ENG_george_v
recruit_character = ENG_douglas_haig
recruit_character = ENG_edmund_allenby
recruit_character = ENG_david_lloyd_george
recruit_character = ENG_edward_grey
recruit_character = ENG_andrew_bonar_law
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_george_wells
recruit_character = ENG_edward_reynolds_pease
recruit_character = ENG_george_lansbury

recruit_character = ENG_charles_edward

recruit_character = ENG_winston_churchill
recruit_character = ENG_stanley_baldwin
recruit_character = ENG_oswald_mosley
recruit_character = ENG_harry_pollitt
recruit_character = ENG_john_french
recruit_character = ENG_edward_viii
recruit_character = ENG_fallen_government
recruit_character = ENG_john_robert_clynes
recruit_character = ENG_ramsay_macdonald
recruit_character = ENG_edward_carson
recruit_character = ENG_henry_page_croft
recruit_character = ENG_austen_chamberlain
recruit_character = ENG_london_commune
recruit_character = ENG_ellen_wilkinson
recruit_character = ENG_lewis_pugh_evans
recruit_character = ENG_james_lowther
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_connaught
recruit_character = ENG_ian_hamilton
recruit_character = ENG_rudolph_lambart
recruit_character = ENG_aylmer_hunterweston
recruit_character = ENG_j_f_c_fuller
recruit_character = ENG_leslie_rundle
recruit_character = ENG_robert_badenpowell
recruit_character = ENG_george_harper
recruit_character = ENG_hugh_elles
recruit_character = ENG_james_grierson
recruit_character = ENG_henry_horne
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_plumer
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_maude
recruit_character = ENG_anthony_ashleycooper
recruit_character = ENG_ivor_maxse
recruit_character = ENG_henry_rawlinson
recruit_character = ENG_horace_smith_dorrien
recruit_character = ENG_julian_byng
recruit_character = ENG_george_milne
recruit_character = ENG_thomas_doyly_snow
recruit_character = ENG_william_hickie
recruit_character = ENG_john_capper
recruit_character = ENG_lionel_dunsterville
recruit_character = ENG_oliver_nugent
recruit_character = ENG_alfred_knox
recruit_character = ENG_hubert_gough
recruit_character = ENG_edmund_ironside
recruit_character = ENG_frank_crozier

#Admirals
recruit_character = ENG_john_jellicoe
recruit_character = ENG_william_pakenham
recruit_character = ENG_reginald_tyrwhitt
recruit_character = ENG_david_beatty
recruit_character = ENG_lionel_halsey
recruit_character = ENG_john_fisher
recruit_character = ENG_percy_scott
recruit_character = ENG_roger_keyes
recruit_character = ENG_dudley_de_chair
recruit_character = ENG_christopher_cradock
recruit_character = ENG_william_may
recruit_character = ENG_george_callaghan
recruit_character = ENG_william_goodenough
recruit_character = ENG_horace_hood
recruit_character = ENG_reginald_bacon
recruit_character = ENG_francis_bridgeman
recruit_character = ENG_archibald_berkeley_milne


recruit_character = ENG_mansfield_smith_cumming
recruit_character = ENG_g_k_chesterton
recruit_character = ENG_sir_hiram_maxim
recruit_character = ENG_henry_petty_fitzmaurice
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_mullaly
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_lambart
recruit_character = ENG_garrett_o_moore_creagh
recruit_character = ENG_john_maclean
recruit_character = ENG_albert_inkpin
recruit_character = ENG_rudyard_kipling
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_balfour
recruit_character = ENG_george_macdonogh
recruit_character = ENG_reginald_mckenna
recruit_character = ENG_hugh_trenchard
recruit_character = ENG_louis_alexander_mountbatten
recruit_character = ENG_richard_haldane
recruit_character = ENG_walter_long
recruit_character = ENG_neville_lyttleton
recruit_character = ENG_william_peel
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_roberts
recruit_character = ENG_frederick_sykes
recruit_character = ENG_alf_watts
recruit_character = ENG_ernest_bax
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_henderson
recruit_character = ENG_arthur_wilson
recruit_character = ENG_george_macaulay_kirkpatrick
recruit_character = ENG_ormonde_winter
recruit_character = ENG_edward_james_headlam
recruit_character = ENG_charles_vaughan_lee
recruit_character = ENG_percy_zachariah_cox
recruit_character = ENG_julian_corbett
recruit_character = ENG_geoffrey_de_havilland
recruit_character = ENG_herbert_samuel
recruit_character = ENG_frederic_natusch_maude
recruit_character = ENG_aretas_akers_douglas
recruit_character = ENG_archibald_murray
recruit_character = ENG_david_henderson
recruit_character = ENG_archie_wavell

1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "ENG_1910"

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		bicycle_infantry = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		howitzer1 = 1
		
		#doctrine
		preliminary_bombardment = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		
		#air
		early_fighter = 1
		airship_bomber = 1
		scout_plane = 1
		
		#engineering
		early_fire_control_system = 1
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		analytical_engine = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		aircraft_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = {		
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"			
		}
		set_technology = {
			early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {		
			NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }	
		}
		set_technology = {
			legacy_early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1906.12.3" #3–19 December 1910	
		election_frequency = 48 
		elections_allowed = yes 
	}	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 0
		communism = 3
		democratic = 87
		neutrality = 10
	}
	
	add_ideas = {
		stiff_upper_lip
		volunteer_only
		eng_overextension
		eng_fleet_at_rest
		ENG_lords_opposition
		ENG_golden_age_espionage
		edward_vii
		
		ENG_edward_grey
		idea_naval_arms_race
	}

	#set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine ???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

}
1914.1.1 = {
	set_global_flag = titanic_sinked
	set_global_flag = king_edward_death
	set_country_flag = eng_socialist_unity_conference
	set_country_flag = eng_Parliament_Debates_Irish_Home_Rule
	set_country_flag = eng_Ulstermen_protest_Home_Rule
	set_country_flag = eng_ulst_sligos_reply

	add_manpower = 2070

	add_political_power = 1178
	add_command_power = 100

	give_guarantee = TIB

	retire_character = ENG_edward_vii
	promote_character = ENG_george_v			

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1914.12.14" #14 December 1918
		election_frequency = 48 
		elections_allowed = yes 
	}

	set_party_name = {
		ideology = communism
		long_name = ENG_socialist_party_long
		name = ENG_socialist_party
	}
	add_popularity = {
		ideology = communism
		popularity = 0.02
	}

	unlock_national_focus = ENG_free_saf
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Legacy_Boer_War
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Boer_Blues
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Legacy_Of_Industrial_Revolution	
	complete_national_focus = ENG_The_Best
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Engage_Continental
	complete_national_focus = ENG_deal_with_the_lords
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Liberal_Government
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Pension_Act
	complete_national_focus = ENG_naval_focus
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Neo_Liberalism
	complete_national_focus = ENG_imperial_general_staff
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Lee_Enfield
	complete_national_focus = ENG_commonwealth_individuality	
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Naval_Arms_Race	
	complete_national_focus = ENG_refresh_the_british_fleet
	complete_national_focus = ENG_intercontinental_dockyards
	complete_national_focus = ENG_encourage_africa_colony
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Kenyan_Farmland
	complete_national_focus = ENG_aviation_focus
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Reaffirm_Triple_Entente
	complete_national_focus = ENG_nationalise_persian_oil
	complete_national_focus = ENG_mobilization_of_repair_yards
	complete_national_focus = ENG_joint_staff
	complete_national_focus = ENG_fleet_mobilization
	complete_national_focus = ENG_Royal_Armament_Factories

	remove_ideas = {
		edward_vii
	}
	add_ideas = {
		ENG_orange_order
	}

	ENG_arthur_connaught = { set_nationality = CAN }

	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
		}
		ENG = {
			set_autonomy = {
				target = SAF
				autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
				freedom_level = 0.55
			}
		}
	}
	annex_country = {
		target = KUW
	}
	KUW = {
		clr_country_flag = protectorate
		drop_cosmetic_tag = yes
	}
	set_technology = {
		fighter1 = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		howitzer1 = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		improved_infantry_weapons = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		support_weapons2 = 1
		motorised_infantry = 1

		#doctrines
		#Air
		air_superiority = 1

		sup_trench_warfare = 1
		overwhelming_fire = 1
		dispersed_defense = 1

		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		subsidiary_carrier_role = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1
		convoy_escorts = 1
		submarine_operations = 1

		#electronics
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		analytical_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_cryptography = 1
		basic_cryptanalysis = 1

		#industry
		early_machine_tools = 1
		machine_tools2 = 1
		fortification1 = 1
		fortification2 = 1
		excavation1 = 1
		excavation2 = 1
		oil_production1 = 1
		oil_production2 = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		industrial_complex1 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}

	if = {
		limit = {
			NOT = {
				has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			}
		}
		set_technology = {
			legacy_basic_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {		
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"			
		}
		set_technology = {
			basic_armored_car = 1

		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns"}
		}
		set_technology = {
			basic_submarine = 1
			improved_submarine = 1
			improved_destroyer = 1
			basic_light_cruiser = 1
			improved_light_cruiser = 1
			basic_battleship = 1
			basic_carrier = 1
			improved_carrier = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		set_technology = {
			basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			improved_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			improved_ship_hull_light = 1
			improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
			
			improved_ship_hull_carrier = 1
			dp_secondary_battery = 1
			improved_sonar = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }

	set_naval_oob = "ENG_1910_Naval_Legacy"

	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	### Variants ###
	# Drednoughts #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "King George V Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Neptune Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Colossus Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "St Vincent Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dreadnought Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Pre-Drednoughts #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Lord Nelson Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Swiftsure Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "King Edward VII Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Duncan Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "London Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Formidable Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Canopus Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Majestic Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Royal Sovereign Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	# Armored Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Warrior Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Duke of Edinburgh Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Devonshire Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Monmouth Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Drake Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cressy Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Protected Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Challenger Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Highflyer Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pelorus Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Arrogant Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Diadem Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Powerful Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Edgar Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pearl Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Blake Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Eclipse Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Astraea Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Apollo Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Boadicea Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sentinel Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pathfinder Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Forward Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Adventure Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "River Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "D Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "C Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "B Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "TB 114 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "TB 81 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Submarines #
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_naval_oob = "ENG_1910_naval_mtg"

	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1	
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		improved_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		improved_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	}

	#Dreadnoughts
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "King George V Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_2
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Neptune Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_2
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Colossus Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_2
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "St Vincent Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bellerophon Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dreadnought Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	#Pre-Dreadnoughts
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Lord Nelson Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Swiftsure Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "King Edward VII Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Duncan Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "London Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Formidable Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Canopus Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Majestic Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Royal Sovereign Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Battlecruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Invincible Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BC_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bc_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Armored Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Minotaur Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Warrior Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Duke of Edinburgh Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Devonshire Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Monmouth Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Drake Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cressy Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Protected Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Topaze Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Challenger Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Highflyer Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pelorus Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Arrogant Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Diadem Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Powerful Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Edgar Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pearl Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Blake Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Eclipse Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Astraea Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Apollo Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Boadicea Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sentinel Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pathfinder Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Forward Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Adventure Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = ENG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	#Destroyers
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tribal Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "River Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "D Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "C Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "B Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Cricket Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "TB 114 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "TB 81 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = ENG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	#Submarines
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A/B/C/D Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	#Give player chance to build it.
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Sidney Reilly"
		GFX = GFX_ENG_Sidney_Reilly
		traits = { operative_double_agent operative_tough operative_infiltrator operative_seducer }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { ENG GER JAP RUS } #originally had UKR too but was removed as it felt pretty redundant
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Harry Houdini"
		GFX = GFX_ENG_harry_houdini
		traits = { operative_infiltrator operative_safe_cracker operative_escape_artist }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = no
		nationalities = { USA AUH HUN }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Oswald Rayner"
		GFX = GFX_ENG_oswald_rayner
		traits = { operative_infiltrator operative_linguist operative_well_groomed }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { ENG }
	}
}
country_event = { id = ww1_developer_note.1 days = 1}
