capital = 47
oob = "GRE_1910"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.5
set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = GRE_eleftherios_venizelos
recruit_character = GRE_george_i

recruit_character = GRE_theodoros_pangalos
recruit_character = GRE_constantine_i
recruit_character = GRE_panagiotis_danglis
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_trikoupis
recruit_character = GRE_victor_dousmanis
recruit_character = GRE_emmanouil_zymvrakakis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_nider
recruit_character = GRE_anastasios_papoulas
recruit_character = GRE_leonidas_paraskevopoulos
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_hatzianestis
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_sapountzakis
recruit_character = GRE_prince_andreas
recruit_character = GRE_konstantinos_mazarakis
recruit_character = GRE_georgios_kondylis
recruit_character = GRE_ioanis_metaxas
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_stratos
recruit_character = GRE_emmanouil_repoulis
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_rallis
recruit_character = GRE_dimitrios_gounaris
recruit_character = GRE_pavlos_kountouriotis
recruit_character = GRE_petros_protopapadakis
recruit_character = GRE_mark_kerr
recruit_character = GRE_alexandros_zaimis
recruit_character = GRE_spiridon_lambros
recruit_character = GRE_alexander
recruit_character = GRE_george_ii
recruit_character = GRE_nikolaos_plastiras


1910.1.1 = {
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		howitzer1 = 1

		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1910.1.1" 
		election_frequency = 48 
		elections_allowed = no 
	}	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 2
		communism = 2
		democratic = 34
		neutrality = 62
	}

	add_ideas = {
		limited_conscription
		gre_agrarian_society
		gre_the_megali_idea
	}
	add_timed_idea = {
        idea = gre_shadow_of_87
        days = 1000
    }
	add_timed_idea = {
        idea = gre_victors_of_the_macedonian_struggle
        days = 800
    }
	add_timed_idea = {
        idea = gre_recent_military_league_coup
        days = 300
    }
}
1914.1.1 = {
	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = ww1_trenchwarfare
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = ww1_newnavalcanons_1
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = infrastructure_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	complete_national_focus = political_effort

	retire_character = GRE_george_i
	GRE_constantine_i = {
		set_character_name = GRE_constantine_i
		promote_character = autocracy
	}
	add_war_support = 0.1
	set_country_flag = join_balkan_league
	set_country_flag = join_antibulgarian_league
	transfer_ship = {
		prefer_name = "Niki"
		type = destroyer
		target = FRA
	}
	transfer_ship = {
		prefer_name = "Aspis"
		type = destroyer
		target = FRA
	}
	transfer_ship = {
		prefer_name = "Doxa"
		type = destroyer
		target = FRA
	}
	transfer_ship = {
		prefer_name = "Velos"
		type = destroyer
		target = FRA
	}
	ROOT = {
		add_opinion_modifier = {
			target = SER
			modifier = HOI4TGW_Opinion_improved_diplomatic_relations
		}
	}
	SER = {
		add_opinion_modifier = {
			target = ROOT
			modifier = HOI4TGW_Opinion_improved_diplomatic_relations
		}
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = TUR
		modifier = small_decrease
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = {
		target = TUR
		modifier = HOI4TGW_Opinion_hostile_relations_post_balkan_war
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}

	set_naval_oob = "GRE_1910_naval_legacy"

	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hydra Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vasilefs Georgios Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vasilissa Olga Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Navarchos Miaoulis Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Niki Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Thyella Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_naval_oob = "GRE_1910_naval_mtg"

	set_technology = {	
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	}

	# Ironclads #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hydra Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = GRE_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vasilefs Georgios Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = GRE_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vasilissa Olga Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = GRE_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Sail Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Navarchos Miaoulis Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = GRE_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Niki Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = GRE_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Thyella Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = GRE_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}
