capital = 7

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.68
set_war_support = 0.01
set_convoys = 100

recruit_character = HOL_theo_heemskerk
recruit_character = HOL_pieter_jelles_troelstra
recruit_character = HOL_wilhelmina
recruit_character = HOL_gerrit_hendrik_kersten

recruit_character = HOL_henri_winkelman
recruit_character = HOL_pieter_cort_van_der_linden
recruit_character = HOL_harm_kolthek
recruit_character = HOL_francois_de_bas
recruit_character = HOL_kornelis_eland
recruit_character = HOL_willem_frederik_pop
recruit_character = HOL_prince_hendrik
recruit_character = HOL_abraham_george_ellis
recruit_character = HOL_jan_wentholt
recruit_character = HOL_jacob_roell
recruit_character = HOL_william_cohen_stuart
recruit_character = HOL_gerardus_berenschot
recruit_character = HOL_herman_van_karnebeek
recruit_character = HOL_anton_van_gijn
recruit_character = HOL_conrad_helfrich
recruit_character = HOL_reneke_de_marees_van_swinderen
recruit_character = HOL_murk_boerstra
recruit_character = HOL_alidius_tjarda_van_starkenborgh_stachouwer
recruit_character = HOL_simon_de_vries_czn
recruit_character = HOL_willem_naudin_ten_cate
recruit_character = HOL_abraham_kuyper
recruit_character = HOL_nicolaas_bosboom
recruit_character = HOL_cornelis_snijders
recruit_character = HOL_hendrik_walaardt_sacre
recruit_character = HOL_jj_le_roy
recruit_character = HOL_david_wijnkoop
recruit_character = HOL_antonie_pannekoek
recruit_character = HOL_jean_rambonnet
recruit_character = HOL_p_forbes_wels
recruit_character = HOL_hendrik_goeman_borgesius
recruit_character = HOL_tan_malaka
recruit_character = HOL_air_warfare_theorist
recruit_character = HOL_maximilien_kolkman
recruit_character = HOL_ludolph_van_oyen



if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = INS
		autonomous_state = autonomy_integrated_puppet
		freedom_level = 0.25
	}
	else = {
		puppet = INS
	}
}

1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "HOL_1910"
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
		}
		set_technology = { bicycle_infantry = 1 }
	}
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		
		#doctrine
		
		#navy
		transport = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}
	
	if = {
		limit = {		
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"			
		}
		set_technology = {
			early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {		
			NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }	
		}
		set_technology = {
			legacy_early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1909.6.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 58
		fascism = 0
		communism = 14
		neutrality = 28
	}

	add_ideas = {
		HOL_idea_enduring_neutrality
		HOL_wilhelmina
		HOL_citizens_centered_economy
	}
}
1914.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1913.6.5"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	complete_national_focus = HOL_dutch_neutrality
	complete_national_focus = HOL_reorganization_of_production
	complete_national_focus = HOL_country_of_rivers_and_lakes
	complete_national_focus = HOL_expand_railway_system
	complete_national_focus = HOL_drain_program
	complete_national_focus = HOL_dutch_indonesia
	complete_national_focus = HOL_jakarta_resources
	complete_national_focus = HOL_gateway_to_europe
	complete_national_focus = HOL_expand_royal_shell
	complete_national_focus = HOL_reform_staff
	complete_national_focus = HOL_plant_complexes
	complete_national_focus = HOL_expand_shipyards
	complete_national_focus = HOL_naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = HOL_found_east_indies_factories
	complete_national_focus = HOL_colonial_railway_commission
	complete_national_focus = HOL_christian_democracy
	complete_national_focus = HOL_conservative_liberalism
	complete_national_focus = HOL_new_cabinet
	complete_national_focus = HOL_censuskiesrecht
	complete_national_focus = HOL_rearmament_subsidies
	complete_national_focus = HOL_sympathy_for_germany
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}

	set_naval_oob = "HOL_1910_naval_legacy"

	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "De Zeven Provincien Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Jacob Van Heemskerck Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Marten Harpertszoon Tromp Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Koningin Regentes Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Evertsen Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Holland Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Wolf Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "O 1 Class"
		type = submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_naval_oob = "HOL_1910_naval_mtg"

	set_technology = {	
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "De Zeven Provincien Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = HOL_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Jacob Van Heemskerck Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = HOL_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Marten Harpertszoon Tromp Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = HOL_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Koningin Regentes Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = HOL_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Evertsen Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = HOL_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Holland Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = HOL_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Wolf Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = HOL_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "O 1 Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SWE_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}
