capital = 43
set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = HUN_joseph_august
recruit_character = HUN_karoly_huszar
recruit_character = HUN_miklos_horthy
recruit_character = HUN_mihaly_karolyi
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_gombos
recruit_character = HUN_tibor_szamuely

recruit_character = HUN_bela_kun

recruit_character = HUN_franz_joseph_i
recruit_character = HUN_franz_ferdinand_i
recruit_character = HUN_karl_i
recruit_character = HUN_otto_von_habsburg
recruit_character = HUN_zita_von_bourbonparma

recruit_character = HUN_tersztyanszky_von_nadas
recruit_character = HUN_kolossvary_de_kolosvar
recruit_character = HUN_tamasy_von_fogaras
recruit_character = HUN_vilmos_roder
recruit_character = HUN_hugo_sonyi
recruit_character = HUN_dezso_laszlo
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_remenyi_schneller
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_magyarossy
recruit_character = HUN_jeno_ratz
recruit_character = HUN_henrik_werth
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_szombathelyi
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_gratz
recruit_character = HUN_shvoy_kalman
	
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		motorised_infantry = 1
		#bicycle_infantry = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		howitzer1 = 1
		
		#doctrine
		preliminary_bombardment = 1
		
		#navy
		transport = 1

		#air
		early_fighter = 1
		airship_bomber = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		aircraft_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}
	
	if = {
		limit = {		
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"			
		}
		set_technology = {
			early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {		
			NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }	
		}
		set_technology = {
			legacy_early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1908.10.31"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 40
		neutrality = 34
		fascism = 2
		communism = 24
	}

set_stability=0.6
