capital = 282

set_fuel_ratio = 0.20
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.7
set_convoys = 400
set_major = no

set_party_name = {
	ideology = communism
	long_name = JAP_communism_party_banned
	name = JAP_communism_party_banned
}
set_country_flag = banned_communism_flag

if = {
	limit = {
		has_subject_autonomy_feature = yes
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger" }
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KOR
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
	}
	KOR = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
}
if = {
	limit = { 
		has_subject_autonomy_feature = no
	}
	puppet = KOR
	KOR = { add_ideas = protectorate }
}
if = {
	limit = { 
		has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KOR
		autonomous_state = autonomy_wtt_imperial_protectorate
	}
}

recruit_character = JAP_mutsuhito

recruit_character = JAP_yamagata_aritomo
recruit_character = JAP_tokugawa_iesato
recruit_character = JAP_toyama_mitsuru

recruit_character = JAP_hamaguchi_osachi

recruit_character = JAP_yoshihito
recruit_character = JAP_hirohito

recruit_character = JAP_kotoku_shusui
recruit_character = JAP_sakai_toshihiko

recruit_character = JAP_fushimi_hiroyasu
recruit_character = JAP_kaminura_hikonojo
recruit_character = JAP_togo_heihachiro
recruit_character = JAP_hasegawa_yoshimichi
recruit_character = JAP_oku_yasukata
recruit_character = JAP_ijuin_goro
recruit_character = JAP_fukushima_yasumasa
recruit_character = JAP_oyama_iwao
recruit_character = JAP_katsura_taro
recruit_character = JAP_kamio_mitsuomi
recruit_character = JAP_kawamura_kageaki
recruit_character = JAP_tamemoto_kuroki
recruit_character = JAP_haraguchi_kensai
recruit_character = JAP_ueda_arisawa
recruit_character = JAP_nagaoka_gaishi
recruit_character = JAP_uehara_yusaku
recruit_character = JAP_yamanashi_hanzo
recruit_character = JAP_yui_mitsue
recruit_character = JAP_otani_kikuzo
recruit_character = JAP_dewa_shigeto
recruit_character = JAP_inoue_yoshika
recruit_character = JAP_kataoka_shichiro
recruit_character = JAP_kato_sadakichi
recruit_character = JAP_uryu_sotokichi
recruit_character = JAP_uehara_yosaku
recruit_character = JAP_hara_takashi
recruit_character = JAP_goto_shinpei
recruit_character = JAP_yasuda_zenjiro
recruit_character = JAP_makino_nobuaki
recruit_character = JAP_takahashi_korekiyo
recruit_character = JAP_murakami_kakuichi
recruit_character = JAP_terauchi_masatake
recruit_character = JAP_sakatani_yoshio
recruit_character = JAP_kaninnomiya_kotohito
recruit_character = JAP_takeji_nara
recruit_character = JAP_tokugawa_yoshitoshi
recruit_character = JAP_kigoshi_yasutsuna
recruit_character = JAP_shirakawa_yoshinori
recruit_character = JAP_tanaka_giichi
recruit_character = JAP_kato_tomosaburo
recruit_character = JAP_saionji_kinmochi
recruit_character = JAP_oka_ichinosuke
recruit_character = JAP_inoue_ikutaro
recruit_character = JAP_hino_kumazo
recruit_character = JAP_saito_makoto
recruit_character = JAP_okuma_shigenobu
recruit_character = JAP_kusunose_yukihiko

recruit_character = JAP_takarabe_takeshi
recruit_character = JAP_yashiro_rokuro
recruit_character = JAP_ishii_kikujiro
recruit_character = JAP_arahata_kanson


1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "JAP_1910"

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		bicycle_infantry = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1908.5.15"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 28
		fascism = 10
		communism = 0
		neutrality = 62
	}

	add_ideas = {
		state_shintoism
		JAP_zaibatsus
		
		JAP_yamagata_aritomo
		idea_naval_arms_race
	}
}

1914.1.1 = {
	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	retire_character = JAP_kotoku_shusui
	retire_character = JAP_mutsuhito
	JAP_yoshihito = {
		promote_character = autocracy
		promote_character = stratocracy
		promote_character = conservatism
	}
	set_country_flag = king_death_meiji
	set_global_flag = kis_japankorea_annexation
	set_global_flag = KOR_105_man_incident
	set_global_flag = KOT_korean_independence_plot_1914
	KOR = {		
		set_country_flag = korea_is_annexed
	}

	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_diplomatic_effort
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_assert_position_pacific
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_Support_USA
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_Diplomatic_Siam
	complete_national_focus = warrior_traditions_focus
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_ready_country
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_defense_border
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_Japan_Korea_Treaty
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_Japanese_Expansionism
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_Xinhai_Revolution_Opportunity

	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_political_effort
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_support_republic
	complete_national_focus = spiritual_mobilization_focus
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_indoctrination_focus

	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_army_effort
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_artillery_effort_1
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_doctrine_effort

	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_newnavalcanons_1
	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_dreadnought_effort

	complete_national_focus = JAP_ww1_industrial_effort

	525 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	527 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	796 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	797 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	799 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	800 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	801 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}
	802 = {
		start_resistance = yes
		add_compliance = -10
		add_resistance = 10
	}

}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}

	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1910_naval_legacy"

	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kawachi Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fuji Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Shikishima Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Katori Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Satsuma Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tsukuba Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ibuki Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Asama Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Izumo Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Yakumo Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Azuma Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kasuga Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Naniwa Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Chiyoda Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Matsushima Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Akitsushima Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Suma Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kasagi Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Niitaka Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Otowa Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Yodo Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tatsuta Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Chihaya Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Maya Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Uji Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ikazuchi Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Murakumo Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Shirakumo Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Harusame Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kamikaze Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hayabusa Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Shirataka Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 21 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 22 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 29 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 39 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 67 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 5 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 15 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 50 Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_naval_oob = "JAP_1910_naval_mtg"

	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	}

	#dreadnoughts
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kawachi Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	#pre-dreadnoughts
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fuji Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Shikishima Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Katori Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Satsuma Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = JAP_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	#Armored Cruisers
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tsukuba Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ibuki Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Asama Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Izumo Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Yakumo Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Azuma Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kasuga Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Naniwa Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Chiyoda Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Matsushima Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Akitsushima Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Suma Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kasagi Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Niitaka Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Otowa Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Yodo Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tatsuta Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Chihaya Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Maya Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Uji Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = JAP_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	#Destroyers
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ikazuchi Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Murakumo Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Shirakumo Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Harusame Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kamikaze Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hayabusa Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Shirataka Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 21 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 22 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 29 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 67 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 5 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 15 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "No. 50 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = JAP_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	#Submarines
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ha Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = JAP_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}
