capital = 195

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.28
set_war_support = 0.53
set_convoys = 192

starting_train_buffer = 1.3

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = infantry_equipment_0
	amount = 30000
	producer = RUS
}

if = {
	limit = {
		OR = {
			has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
			has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
		}
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = BUK
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 10
	}
	BUK = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	set_autonomy = {
		target = KHI
		autonomous_state = autonomy_tgwr_protectorate
		freedom_level = 6
	}
	KHI = { set_country_flag = protectorate }
	else = {
		puppet = BUK
        BUK = { add_ideas = protectorate }
		puppet = KHI
        KHI = { add_ideas = protectorate }
	}
}

set_country_flag = dont_trigger_political_event

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		improved_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		improved_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		advanced_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "RUS_1910_naval_mtg"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "RUS_1910_naval_legacy"
}
recruit_character = RUS_nikolai_ii
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_alekseyev
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_rodzyanko
recruit_character = RUS_viktor_chernov

recruit_character = RUS_pavel_milyukov
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_sukhomlinov
recruit_character = RUS_boris_savinkov
recruit_character = RUS_nikolai_chkheidze
recruit_character = RUS_alexander_kerensky
recruit_character = RUS_alexei_brusilov
recruit_character = RUS_lavr_kornilov
recruit_character = RUS_anton_denikin
recruit_character = RUS_alexander_kolchak
recruit_character = RUS_pyotr_krasnov
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_ii
recruit_character = RUS_pyotr_stolypin
recruit_character = RUS_georgiy_lvov
recruit_character = RUS_provisional_government
recruit_character = RUS_provisional_allrussian_government
recruit_character = RUS_allrussian_constituent_assembly
recruit_character = RUS_nikolai_ruzsky
recruit_character = RUS_nikolai_nikolaevich_romanov
recruit_character = RUS_nikolai_ivanov
recruit_character = RUS_alexei_kaledin
recruit_character = RUS_nikolai_yudenich
recruit_character = RUS_sergey_markov
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_samsonov
recruit_character = RUS_matvei_sulkevich
recruit_character = RUS_abram_dragomirov
recruit_character = RUS_alexei_evert
recruit_character = RUS_pavel_rennenkampf
recruit_character = RUS_nikolai_yanushkevich
recruit_character = RUS_dmitry_shcherbachev
recruit_character = RUS_pavel_skoropadsky
recruit_character = RUS_gustav_karlovich
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_flug
recruit_character = RUS_ivan_erdely
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_bonchbruevich
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_bilderling
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_liakhov
recruit_character = RUS_pavel_pleve
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_ragoza
recruit_character = RUS_nikolai_dukhonin
recruit_character = RUS_evgeniy_radkevich
recruit_character = RUS_nikolai_mikhailovich_romanov
recruit_character = RUS_aleksei_polivanov
recruit_character = RUS_aleksei_kuropatkin
recruit_character = RUS_yakov_zhilinsky
recruit_character = RUS_illarion_vorontsovdashkov
recruit_character = RUS_eduard_eck
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_lukomsky
recruit_character = RUS_evgeniy_miller
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_marushevsky
recruit_character = RUS_andrei_eberhardt
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_mikhailovich_romanov
recruit_character = RUS_kirill_vladimirovich_romanov
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_rusin
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_sablin
recruit_character = RUS_alexei_putilov
recruit_character = RUS_alexander_bubnov
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_shulgin
recruit_character = RUS_ivan_grigorovich
recruit_character = RUS_grigori_rasputin
recruit_character = RUS_alexander_kazakov
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_kokovtsov
recruit_character = RUS_sergey_sazanov
recruit_character = RUS_vasily_gurko
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_grigorov
recruit_character = RUS_boris_sturmer
recruit_character = RUS_pyotr_kropotkin
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_shishkevich
recruit_character = RUS_nicholas_mikhnevich
recruit_character = RUS_pyotr_struve
recruit_character = RUS_grand_duke_alexei
recruit_character = RUS_stepan_voevodsky
recruit_character = RUS_sergey_boyno_rodzevich
recruit_character = RUS_nicholas_golovin
recruit_character = RUS_georgi_plekhanov

recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_diterikhs
recruit_character = RUS_pyotr_wrangel
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_dutov
recruit_character = RUS_mikhail_drozdovsky
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_kappel
recruit_character = RUS_pyotr_fon_glazenap
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_vitkovsky
recruit_character = RUS_grigory_semyonov
recruit_character = RUS_roman_ungern_sternberg
recruit_character = RUS_boris_annenkov
recruit_character = RUS_aleksandr_kutepov
recruit_character = RUS_pavel_shatilov
recruit_character = RUS_alexandr_rodzyanko
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_tolstoy
recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_golitsyn
recruit_character = RUS_aleksei_fon_lampe
recruit_character = RUS_anatoly_pepelyayev

recruit_character = RUS_vladimir_lenin

1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "RUS_1910"

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		
		#doctrine
		bayonet_assault = 1

		#air
		early_fighter = 1
		airship_bomber = 1
		scout_plane = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		aircraft_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}
	
	if = {
		limit = {		
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"			
		}
		set_technology = {
			early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {		
			NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }	
		}
		set_technology = {
			legacy_early_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1907.9.1"
		election_frequency = 60 
		elections_allowed = no 
	}
	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 0
		communism = 19
		democratic = 32
		neutrality = 49
	}

	add_ideas = {
		export_focus 
		limited_conscription
		RUS_idea_orthodox_church
		RUS_idea_tsushima_humiliation
		RUS_idea_agrarian_empire
		RUS_threat_of_revolution
		RUS_idea_strike_movement
		RUS_idea_outdated_railways
		RUS_pyotr_stolypin
	}
		
	
}
1914.1.1 = {
	remove_ideas = {
		RUS_pyotr_stolypin
		RUS_threat_of_revolution
	}
	add_ideas = {
		RUS_threat_of_revolution2
	}
	retire_character = RUS_pyotr_stolypin
	retire_character = RUS_aleksandr_bilderling

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	complete_national_focus = RUS_20_years_of_peace
	complete_national_focus = RUS_ten_years_plan
	complete_national_focus = RUS_convene_iv_state_duma
	complete_national_focus = RUS_centrist_duma
	complete_national_focus = RUS_military_exhibitions
	complete_national_focus = RUS_baltic_fleet
	complete_national_focus = RUS_machine_building_association
	complete_national_focus = RUS_design_modern_locomotive_series
	complete_national_focus = RUS_entrepreneurship
	complete_national_focus = RUS_nobel_partnership
	complete_national_focus = RUS_unity_of_entente
	complete_national_focus = RUS_secure_asia
	complete_national_focus = RUS_army_rearmament
	complete_national_focus = RUS_tula_armor_plant
	complete_national_focus = RUS_first_avia_squad
	complete_national_focus = RUS_imperial_air_fleet
	complete_national_focus = RUS_aviation_school
	complete_national_focus = RUS_crush_the_revolutionaries_movement
	complete_national_focus = RUS_territorial_recruitment_system
	complete_national_focus = RUS_engineering_troops	
	complete_national_focus = RUS_british_capital		
	complete_national_focus = RUS_guardian_of_orthodoxy
	complete_national_focus = RUS_russification_of_non_titular_nations	

	set_global_flag = stolypin_is_dead
	set_global_flag = lena_massacre
	set_global_flag = russian_pogroms
	set_global_flag = beilis_justified
	set_global_flag = russia_won_persian_campaign

	420 = {
		add_dynamic_modifier = {
			modifier = per_russian_sphere
		}
	}
	419 = {
		add_dynamic_modifier = {
			modifier = per_russian_sphere
		}
	}
	266 = {
		add_dynamic_modifier = {
			modifier = per_russian_sphere
		}
	}
	416 = {
		add_dynamic_modifier = {
			modifier = per_russian_sphere
		}
	}
	418 = {
		add_dynamic_modifier = {
			modifier = per_russian_sphere
		}
	}
	diplomatic_relation = {
		country = PER
		relation = military_access
		active = yes
	}

	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		improved_infantry_weapons = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		support_weapons2 = 1
		motorised_infantry = 1

		#doctrines
		mass_cavalry_raid = 1
		large_scale_offensive = 1
		last_stand = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		subsidiary_carrier_role = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#Air
		#force_rotation = 1

		#electronics
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		analytical_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_cryptography = 1
		basic_cryptanalysis = 1

		#industry
		early_machine_tools = 1
		machine_tools2 = 1
		fortification1 = 1
		fortification2 = 1
		excavation1 = 1
		excavation2 = 1
		oil_production1 = 1
		oil_production2 = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		industrial_complex1 = 1
		concentrated_industry = 1
		concentrated_industry2 = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			NOT = {
				has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			}
		}
		set_technology = {
			legacy_basic_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {		
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"			
		}
		set_technology = {
			basic_armored_car = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		set_technology = {
			basic_submarine = 1
			basic_destroyer = 1
			basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_technology = {
			improved_ship_hull_light = 1
			improved_ship_hull_submarine = 1
			basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	
	# Pre-Dreadnaught
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Andrei Pervozvanny Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Evstafi Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Potemkin Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Peresvet Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Retvizan Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Borodino Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tsesarevich Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Rostislav Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tri Svyatitelya Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Petropavlovsk Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sissoi Veliky Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Navarin Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Imperator Aleksandr II Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ekaterina II Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Admiral Ushakov Class"
		type = battleship_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Rurik Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bayan Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gromoboi Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Rossia Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Varyag Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Izumrud Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bogatyr Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Askold Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pallada Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Buinyi Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Groznyi Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leitenant Pushchin Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leitenant Burakov Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kapitan Yurasovskiy Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Finn Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vsadnik Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Okhotnik Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ukrayna Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leitenant Shestakov Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sokol Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kit Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Forel Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tverdyi Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Deyatelnyi Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Karp Class"
		type = submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Akula Class"
		type = submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Minoga Class"
		type = submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kasatka Class"
		type = submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Som Class"
		type = submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Delfin Class"
		type = submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	# Dreadnought
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sevastopol Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Pre-Dreadnought
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Andrei Pervozvanny Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Evstafi Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Potemkin Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Peresvet Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Retvizan Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Borodino Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tsesarevich Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Rostislav Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tri Svyatitelya Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Petropavlovsk Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sissoi Veliky Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Navarin Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Imperator Aleksandr II Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ekaterina II Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Coastal Defense Ship
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Admiral Ushakov Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = SOV_BBBC_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	#Cruisers
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Rurik Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_3
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bayan Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_3
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gromoboi Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_4
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Rossia Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_3
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_3
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Varyag Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Izumrud Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bogatyr Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Askold Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pallada Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	#Destroyers
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Buinyi Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Groznyi Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leitenant Pushchin Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leitenant Burakov Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kapitan Yurasovskiy Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Finn Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Vsadnik Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Okhotnik Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ukrayna Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leitenant Shestakov Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Sokol Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kit Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Forel Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tverdyi Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Deyatelnyi Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	#Submarines
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Karp Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Akula Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Minoga Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Kasatka Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Som Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Delfin Class"	
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_IMPERIAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Alfred Redl"
		GFX = GFX_RUS_alfred_redl
		traits = { operative_double_agent operative_infiltrator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { AUH AUS RUS }
	}
}
