capital = 107
#-------------------------------------------------------
#					GENERIC VALUES
#-------------------------------------------------------
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.67
set_war_support = 0.28

oob = "SER_1910"

recruit_character = SER_dragisa_lapcevic
recruit_character = SER_peter_i
recruit_character = SER_dragutin_dimitrijevic_apis
recruit_character = SER_radomir_putnik
recruit_character = SER_nikola_pasic
recruit_character = SER_prince_regent_alexander
recruit_character = SER_cedomilj_mijatovic
recruit_character = SER_stepa_stepanovic
recruit_character = SER_zivojin_misic
recruit_character = SER_pavle_jurisic_sturm
recruit_character = SER_petar_bojovic
recruit_character = SER_bozidar_jankovic
recruit_character = SER_petar_pesic
recruit_character = SER_mihailo_rasic
recruit_character = SER_mihailo_zivkovic
recruit_character = SER_milos_bozanovic
recruit_character = SER_milos_vasic
recruit_character = SER_vladimir_kondic
recruit_character = SER_lazar_pacu
recruit_character = SER_mihailo_gavrilovic
recruit_character = SER_stojan_novakovic
recruit_character = SER_momcilo_nincic
recruit_character = SER_stevan_hadzic
recruit_character = SER_zivko_pavlovic
recruit_character = SER_jovan_jovanovic_pizon
recruit_character = SER_stojan_protic
recruit_character = SER_milovan_milovanovic
recruit_character = SER_svetozar_pribicevic
recruit_character = SER_duro_dakovic
recruit_character = SER_milenko_vesnic
recruit_character = SER_kosta_miletic


1910.1.1 = {
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		#doctrine
		bayonet_assault = 1
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1908.4.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 7
		communism = 2
		democratic = 61
		neutrality = 30
	}
	add_ideas = {
		limited_conscription
		low_economic_mobilisation
	}
}
1914.1.1 = {
	set_oob = "SER_1914"
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic 
		last_election = "1916.11.1" #1918 Temporary National Representation
		election_frequency = 24
		elections_allowed = yes
	}

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	set_global_flag = kis_firstbalkan_war
	set_global_flag = kis_firstbalkanwar_victory
	set_country_flag = won_balkan_war
	set_country_flag = kis_secondbalkan_war
	set_global_flag = kis_secondbalkan_war
	set_global_flag = kis_secondbalkanwar_victory
	
	add_stability = -0.2	
	add_war_support = 0.1
	
	add_popularity = {
		ideology = democratic
		popularity = 0.23
	}

	add_named_threat = {
		threat = 10
		name = ww1_firstbalkan.100.t
	}
	SER_radomir_putnik = {
		promote_leader = yes
		remove_unit_leader_trait = recently_promoted
	}
	promote_character = SER_nikola_pasic
	complete_national_focus = SER_golden_age
	complete_national_focus = SER_purchase_of_locomotives
	complete_national_focus = SER_narodna_skupstina
	complete_national_focus = SER_focus_on_peasantry
	complete_national_focus = SER_balkan_strategy
	complete_national_focus = SER_reclaim_south_serbia
	complete_national_focus = SER_officer_staff_training
	complete_national_focus = SER_pilot_training
	complete_national_focus = SER_mobile_war_strategy
	unlock_national_focus = SER_balkan_league
	complete_national_focus = SER_Strengthen_civilian_authorities
	complete_national_focus = SER_appoint_ministerial_advisers
	complete_national_focus = SER_belgrad_railway
	unlock_national_focus = SER_war_with_ottomans
	unlock_national_focus = SER_demand_macedonia
	unlock_national_focus = SER_intervention_in_albania
	complete_national_focus = SER_support_urbanization
	complete_national_focus = SER_tractor
	complete_national_focus = SER_self_modernization
	complete_national_focus = SER_arm_partisans
	complete_national_focus = SER_chetniks
	complete_national_focus = SER_black_hand
	complete_national_focus = SER_integration_into_bosnia
	complete_national_focus = SER_parliamentary_monarchy
	
	add_ideas = {
		partial_economic_mobilisation
	}
	
	remove_ideas = {
		SER_idea_narodna_skupstina
	}
}
