capital = 41

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.52
set_convoys = 150

set_country_flag = Scramble_for_Africa

recruit_character = SPR_alfonso_xiii
recruit_character = SPR_niceto_alcalazamora
recruit_character = SPR_pablo_iglesias
recruit_character = SPR_juan_olazabal

recruit_character = SPR_gonzalo_queipo_de_llano
recruit_character = SPR_miguel_primo_de_rivera
recruit_character = SPR_fernando_primo_de_rivera
recruit_character = SPR_damaso_berenguer
recruit_character = SPR_jose_cavalcanti
recruit_character = SPR_francisco_gomezjordana
recruit_character = SPR_eduardo_lopez_ochoa
recruit_character = SPR_severiano_martinez_anido
recruit_character = SPR_miguel_cabanellas
recruit_character = SPR_juan_bautista_aznarcabanas
recruit_character = SPR_augusto_miranda_y_godoy
recruit_character = SPR_federico_berenguer
recruit_character = SPR_jose_pidal
recruit_character = SPR_alfredo_kindelan
recruit_character = SPR_jose_rivera
recruit_character = SPR_angel_aznar
recruit_character = SPR_alberto_bayo
recruit_character = SPR_joaquin_ruiz
recruit_character = SPR_manuel_de_florez
recruit_character = SPR_alvaro_de_figueroa
recruit_character = SPR_luis_aizpuru
recruit_character = SPR_mariano_ordonez
recruit_character = SPR_santiago_alba
recruit_character = SPR_augusto_miranda
recruit_character = SPR_honorio_cornejo
recruit_character = SPR_jose_maria_chacon
recruit_character = SPR_mateo_garcia_de_los_reyes
recruit_character = SPR_francisco_llano_de_la_encomienda
recruit_character = SPR_luis_silvela
recruit_character = SPR_lucas_puente


1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "SPR_1910"

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1

		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1

		#navy
		transport = 1

		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1910.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 24
		fascism = 0
		communism = 7
		neutrality = 69
	}

	add_ideas = {
		neutrality_idea
		limited_conscription
	}
}
1914.1.1 = {
	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = ww1_trenchwarfare
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = ww1_newnavalcanons_1
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = infrastructure_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	complete_national_focus = political_effort
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}

	set_naval_oob = "SPR_1910_naval_legacy"

	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pelayo Class"
		type = battleship_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Emperador Carlos V Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Princesa de Asturias Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Reina Regente Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Estramadura Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Rio de la Plata Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Velasco Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Audaz Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Furor Class"
		type = destroyer_2
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "María de Molina Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Temerario Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Azor Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Habana Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Barceló Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Orión Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Acevedo Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_naval_oob = "SPR_1910_naval_mtg"

	set_technology = {	
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Pelayo Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		#name_group = SPR_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Emperador Carlos V Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Princesa de Asturias Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Reina Regente Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Estramadura Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Rio de la Plata Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Velasco Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		#name_group = SPR_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Audaz Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Furor Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "María de Molina Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Temerario Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Azor Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Habana Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Barceló Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Orión Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Acevedo Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		#name_group = SPR_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}